# JavaScript and Me.

What a world we live in. It has finally come full circle with me and JavaScript. While this is not the first time I have worked with it. It is the first time since about 2007 - 2008. At that time my brain was a little more agile, and I was able to create buttons that did things, and prompted pictures to appear when pressed.....now is a different story. I have found whenever you start any sort of language whether it is vocal (attempted to become a translator for the Navy at one point) or mechanical. When you are first presented with something as complex and presice as JavaScript it just feels like an insurmountable task. The good thing about it though having atleast touched JavaScript in the past is that my mind was atleast able to wrap around it even though in this class were moving at a high speed to make as much of a base as possible before moving into more comprehensive lessons and labs. Using if / else or if \ else is actually a lot of fun. I enjoy this kind of thinking, because you can take it off the page and into your head. You can have an idea and once you understand something like if / else you can start creating something that has a clear start or finish. You might just need to keep learning to fill in the gaps that are not as simple to create when it comes to the code.

## Things I want to know more about

I feel like a broken record, but I just want to know more. After the first two days looking at just Markdown, HTML. Today was a good change. CSS is something I might have worked with in the past, and am excited to aquire more knowledge through my run, but today is the first day my mind started kicking into gear. I started thinking about what can be done with the small amount of information in front of me and it excited me. Time will get me to where I want to be but for now I just want to know more and am excited to work with external JavaScript tomorrow.

### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)
