# Javascript programming!

Doing something a little different today. As opposed to starting to right this after class is over. I am writing this with the last ten minutes I have from the reading portion of class. Javascript is complex and simple at the same time at its core. Atleast to me at this point in time.

An example would be how to input basic math..

    let x = 5;
    let y = 2;
    let z = x + y;

Above that is just an addition problem, but with the numbers assigned to variables. You just have to take one extra step to assign the variables but at the end you have a basic 5+2=7 match problem with another variable z as the result. But then the more you read you start to see what more you can do with variables.

    let x = 5 + 5;
    let y = "5" + 5;
    let z = "Hello" + 5;

So now you have x is the solution to a basic math problem. You have y containing a string, and instead of it adding together due to the "" around the 5 you just simple add the 5 to the 5. So it becomes 55. It is the same with z. Instead but instead of attaching two numbers together you are just attaching the 5 to the end of the word with "". So you get Hello5.

I would like to say I understand this fully as of this moment, but that is just not where I am at. I have a basic understanding but its like looking down into well. You have some light illuminating the bricks going down but eventually you only see darkness. The only recourse to know what is down there is to go down, and that is where I feel I am at. Javascript is complicated and I have a feeling today will kick my butt, but that is fine haha.

## Things I want to know more about

I just want to have an understanding and the muscle memory to really go beyond what I am learning today and what is demonstrated. I know this is normal to not have a good understanding and grasping with things going this quick, but it does not stop the desire to want to move forward. I may add more to this at the end of class but we will see.


### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)