# CS 102-5

Going to do things a little differently today and start with this....

## Things I want to know more about

The reason for this is entirely based on my experience today with what I believe to be my second time working with CSS (Ill elaborate more in JavaScript 102.6). Where to begin.....

To start I am simply just amazed by the amount of information that was thrown at me even though it was only for a short amount of time. I knew from my brief 101 class sorta unlocked CSS and showed what people can do, but once you are really just cut loose into a more personal enviroment than the team enviroment presented at 101 it is crazy trying to figure things out. What you can do is more based on what you are willing to try and how outside the box you think for certain things (as apparent with some of those competitions that create artpieces with just CSS). It is something I will need to practice more, but the things I settled on today after messing around with things that I could not get to work was to just add color to the page. For that I used a combination of....

background-color: insert color here;

and 

Color: insert color here;

These are two very simple commands but added some flair to the page. Such as changing the background color, and then the color of the text to more match up with said background. The other thing I was able to get to work during lab time, was getting a nice small margine from the main picture below the header. Accomplished that using what you would call an ID to sorta make it its own thing and was able to pull it down from the header more into the main body so it was a tad more ascetically pleasing. I used the rest of my time to no evail to try and get both the bottom pictures and partial lists centered below the main paragraph and pictured. So it created a prymidesqe theme to the main page. Did not quite work out but the effort was put in and like everything else it is something I need to practice more and grind that repetition.

### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)