# The Cloud

Yesterday I would have told you it was impossible to take so much information in with what was presented when it came to the use of Git and its installation...but what a difference a day, and a very articulated lecture can make. While in its barest form using your terminal to move around your folders at its simplist seems tedious in comparision to some clicks. Using Git and a code editor in tandem is quite impressive. It allows you to make massive changes across a spectrum of things on your website or whatever project you are working on, and then with a few commands everything is updated. At this stage the biggest functionality and chain you will be working with in Git with 102 is this.

    - git status
    - git add .
    - git status
    - git commit -m "insert update notes here"
    - git push origin main 

And essentially what that does in order. Checks your files for any updates whether its additions, deletions, edits etc. You then when everything is clear add them using "add ." and que them for update. Commit allows you to add an update message right before you press the final button, and then you push them through. It is amazing what I have learned in just two days, but I am glad I am here.

## Things I want to know more about

As of now not much because my brain wants to explode looking at the terminal when it starts going just pumping out information. My biggest concern with using the terminal and git in connection with the coding I am doing is just getting the muscle memory together to actually remember things on the fly and not having to have tabs open and running between tabs looking for something specific I forgot the exact wording or spelling.

### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)