# Markdown in remembrance of what has been learned.

### [*Click here to return to main page*](reading-notes/README.md)


## Thoughts for my friends who may in the future consider Code Fellows!

As I have now found out. Markdown while extremely basic is a amazing tool for quick content creation that can have added flair and formatting without much extra work. Your creativity is not hampered by expansive and confusing code, and you can format as you write. An example would be I would like to **BOLD** a word. In regular writing programs you would need to stop highlight and click a button. Stopping the flow of your writing. With Markdown all it takes is simply adding ** to before and after the word or section you would like bolded. It turns ** this ** to **this**. It is that simple. If you want to make something italic just remove a * . That will turn * this * into *this*. Formatting in real time is a great practice if you want to put substance over style.

In my own experience though Markdown was something completely new for me to learn. While I had known of HTML in the past and what it entailed. I have to say I like the style of Markdown and the type of product you can put out. I am a very big fan of simplicity if it something that can be done correctly and without much resistance. Markdown to me has that potential, and I am only just touching the surface. Its something I am very much happy to know about to now learn more about and develop deeper skills using Markdown.


## Things I want to know more about

Quite simply at this point is to just take the time to learn past the basics. What is fully possible using Markdown. I have a basic idea of the framework used, but I want to fully understand how to utilize it in different scenarios and where it is best used, and how far you can take it.
