### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# Canvas and Chart!

## Canvas

     - What does the <canvas> allow a developer to acheive?

    Canvas allows you to create TD graphics inside of your code for display.

     - What is the importance of the closing `</canvas> tag?
    
    In HTML you need a closing tag for <canvas>. If you do not then if a browser that does not support canvas you can have a fallback in place.

     - Explain what the getContext() method does.
 
     getContext returns a render context object. So in this case its what calls in the 2d style, and allows you to create your graphs.

## Chart documentation!

     - What is Chart.js and how it can be brought into your project?

     Its a library of charts used by Javascript to bring a clean and profressional data viewing option.

     - List 3 different Chart types you can create using Chart.js.

     Area Chart, Bubble Chart, Scatter Chart.

## Chart demos!

     - What are some advantages to displaying data via a chart over a table?

     customization and profressional styling. While table can work. It allows a more seemless way to present data inside of your website.

     - How could Chart.js aid your previously created applications visually?

     In Salmon cookies what was previously a very bland table, could have had a much funner way to show all that data. I am assuming through Javascript you would have ways to add the additional data in and present it properly for the assignment.

## Things I want to know more about!

     - As with everything I just want more opportunities to mess with Canvas and chart. To help build a foundation with both of them. The brief amount of time I used it was very user friendly though from my perspective.