# The Basics! 201-2

## HTML!

    - Why is it important to use semantic elements in our HTML?

    Semantics give elements structure and meaning when it comes to being read and interpreted by the browser. If avoided with work arounds it can cause issues with your website.

    - How many levels of headings are there in HTML?

    Their is six heading elements <h1> is the main heading. <h2> through <h6> are sub headings.

    - What are some uses for the <sup> and <sub> elements?

    <sup> is used to superscript text, and make text appear half a character above the normal line. Good to use for footnotes.

    <sub> is the opposite and instead of going half a line up, goes half a line down. Common use of sub us for chemical formulas.
    
    - When using the <abbr> element, what attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term?

    When using <abbr> use the title attribute. So when it you mouse over the abbreviated word it will give the full title.


## CSS!

    - What are ways we can apply CSS to our HTML?

    You can apply CSS both internally or externally. Interally you create the workings of what you want CSS to do in you in you <head> using <style>. You can also apply CSS inline. That being said it is best practice to create a .css file as a style sheet and then apply it to your HTML as opposed to combining both HTML and CSS on the same page.


    - Why should we avoid using inline styles?

    Less efficient and can lead to multiple areas of edit and unnessary work. Also makes the HTML harder to read and understand.


    - Review the block of code below and answer the following questions:

       h2 {
     color: black;
     padding: 5px;
     }

    - What is representing the selector?

    The selector would be H2. This is what you will be applying the CSS to in the HTML.

    - Which components are the CSS declarations?

    The declarations are the combined properties, and the value.
    So color itself is a property. When combined with the value black it becomes a declaration. The same for Padding and 5px. 

    - Which components are considered properties?

    In this example the properties would be color and padding.

## JavaScript!

    - What data type is a sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks?

    That would be a string.

    - List 4 types of JavaScript operators.

    4 would be Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication and Division. The basic mathatic symbols. Then Assignment =, Strict equality ===, and Not, and Does-not-equal ! / !==.

    - Describe a real world Problem you could solve with a Function.

    If I am not off base for having fun with the answer if I could add Javascript functions to my phone. I would have prompts asking someone whenever they are calling me if this can be done by text if its not important, and if you are a telemarket just hanging up on them.

    - An if statement checks a __ and if it evaluates to ___, then the code block will execute.

    Checks a condition and if it evaluates to true it will execute. Otherwise something else will happen or not happen depending.

    - What is the use of an else if?

    Instead of just checking for a basic outcome. It allows you to add as many additional options as you would like. More dynamic if you need something not as simple.

    - List 3 different types of comparison operators.

    So you have the basic > < greater then, less then. These are self explanitory.

    Then === with or without !. These test if values are identical depending on how write it.

    Then along with < > adding  <= >= these allow you to be more specific then the usual traditional use of great or less then.

    - What is the difference between the logical operator && and ||?

    && chains together two or more expressions and everything must evaluate to true. If anything comes up false then the expression returns false.

    || chains together two or more expressions and if anything returns as true among them. The expression will return as true.

## Things I want to know more about!

This will have to be a work and progress and something I return to. As of today and what I wrote for the pre-class reading it is still the same. I need time to digest and process and have more things shoved in. So I can form a basic understanding to know what questions to ask. Still just want to learn as much as humanly possible.

### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)