### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# CSS again!

## CSS Transforms!

     - What does a CSS transform allow the developer to do to an element?

     Using Transform. General layout techniques can be changed using transform. So where before you were sorta stuck. You can now touch an element again and alter it further.

     - Provide an example of a transform and how you could see that being used on a website.

     Just the first demo in the reading is fantastic. It gives objects more flair. To be able to touch an object and move it for the users is amazing. When it comes to the interactive elements etc. I am excited to see what you can do in CSS to enchance the user experience further.

## CSS Transitions & Animations!

     - What does a CSS transition allow the developer to do to an element?

     Allows it to change. Transition of course is very literal in that regard. You have a starting point lets say hovering a cursor over it, and then you start to see a change. This change can vary to size / color changes but it will start and end.

     - How does a CSS animation differ from a CSS transition?

     Where a transition at its base input from you will have a start and an end. It is simply that. It will start and end with what put at its base. Now what if you want something to change based on more parameters etc. That is where animations would come in. Allows you to customize the process even more. Like if a transition is from point a - d. Animations allows you to add b & c.

## CSS3 Transitions!

     - What are some benefits to using CSS transitions on websites?

     Said it before or in another entry. It adds flare. It adds interest. It engages those who might be coming in for some mundane task to stay maybe just a little bit longer because they are intrigued by what you are doing with your website.

     - How this topic fit in with your long-term goals?

     I do not want to beat a dead horse, but transitions add to that wow factor. The then when you are developing that keeps people coming back to your website for information if they need it as opposed to somebody elses. The name of the game for me is clean visual data that is presented in a way that is engaging. 

## Things I want to know more about!

Just want to use it more, and hopefully through labs etc I have that chance.