# **Reading recap from course 102**

## Getting started!

    - Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.

    I am not good with poetry and my brain is fried as I have worked from the bottom up when it came to this reading documentation.

    To my knowledge its just simply a series of requests and responses that sorta bounce between the client. All conducted through the internet or lan.

    - Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.

    HTML is first. It checks and <link> and <script> elements. After it has checked the link and script elements it will request those found elements still during the initial parse from CSS and JavaScript files.

    "The browser generates an in-memory DOM tree from the parsed HTML, generates an in-memory CSSOM structure from the parsed CSS, and compiles and executes the parsed JavaScript.

    As the browser builds the DOM tree and applies the styles from the CSSOM tree and executes the JavaScript, a visual representation of the page is painted to the screen, and the user sees the page content and can begin to interact with it."
    (sourced from: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/How_the_Web_works)

    The last part I read and I do not fully understand it yet. So I had a hard time putting it into my own words from how I understand it.

    - How can you find images to add to a Website?

    If it is not an image you have created yourself. You can go to lets say google, and when searching images you would hit tools and turn it to create commons licenses. That gives you the go ahead for use as its not something licensed for private use.

    - How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?

    When putting in a number it is just the number so in this case lets say 3. If you were to want to turn 3 into a string you would simply do this '3'.


    - What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript?

    Variables are essentially the building blocks that JavaScript uses to store and change values. It allows you to interact with those who come to your website, and many more things. 

## Introduction to HTML

    - What is an HTML attribute?

    It is an edit to what an HTML element does. So text sizes and other things of that nature. They get added to the element to edit its content.

    - Describe the Anatomy of an HTML element.

    <h1>Insert text here!</h1> The entirety of this is the element.
    All elements have an opening and closing tag. In this case <h1> and </h1>.

    Then you have the content which is the text between both tags. In this case "Insert text here!".

    - What is the Difference between <article> and <section> element tags?

    As far as my reading research the common divider between the two is that <section> is used for grouping areas of like content. While <article> is used more for singular content.

    - What Elements does a “typical” website include?

    <!DOCTYPE html> - <html> - <head> - <body> - <header> - <main> - <footer>

    - How does metadata influence Search Engine Optimization?

    Using <meta> tags gives something for search engines to latch onto while searching for what it is entered as input. The more you have in common the more likely it will stand more front and center to others while searching.

    - How is the <meta> HTML tag used when specifying metadata?

    You use the meta tag to specify things such as language, author, titles and content description. Allows you to put in common search keywords and like described above potentially bring more views to a website. A behind the scenes information dump to be used as needed.

## Miscellaneous
### How to start to design a website

    - What is the first step to designing a Website?

    If this is a website you are designing yourself without parameters. Then what is your idea and brainstorm from there what you would like to accomplish, and then creating a non-digital framework to be a jumping board so to speak for when you start putting fingers to keyboard.

    - What is the most important question to answer when designing a Website?

    From the reading, what do I want to accomplish. I feel it should be deeper then that, but I am having a hard time collection my thoughts answering this though.

### Semantics
    - Why should you use an <h1> element over a <span> element to display a top level heading?

    I answered this after the second question, but the response is very much the same. You can create an emulation to <h1> but it loses the role in the structure and takes away the meaning.


    - What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our HTML?

    While you can emulate certain things a semantic tag would do in HTML with other tags. You lose the classification. HTML is much about the framework on the website is part of that is identifying certain things properly for the system to follow along. It gives things a proper role in the structure so to speak. While what you emulate with could work, but it does not have a proper place in the structure so to speak.

### What is JavaScript?
    - Describe 2 things that require JavaScript in the Browser?

    The biggest thing is just interaction in general. I do not know everything JavaScript can do off the top of my head, but you can create prompts, and alerts. These can be used along with user input to dictate something happening on the page such as text, or follow up questions.

    Lets say you want to have the background change color when a condition is met. JavaScript would also be the way to do that.

    - How can you add JavaScript to an HTML document?

    You can JavaScript to an HTML two different ways. You can add them directly to the main HTML file, but in general if you want clean code it is better to create your JavaScript functions in a .JS file and then a add it to sections of the HTML you want using the <script></script> tags.

## Things I want to know more about

This section moving into a more advanced class from 102 which was a brief dive into Markdown, HTML, CSS and Javascript. I just want to learn and know more in general. I am still pulling all of this information I am intaking together and really trying to grasp things. So I am still just seeking general knowledge.



### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)