### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# Pyschological Safety

     -What are three key factors that contribute to psychologically safe teams?

     1. Having a safety net to know it is okay to take risks. Knowing failure doesnt lead to punishment.

     2. Being emotionally open with the team. Not hiding your feelings and feeling like you can communicate with others on your team.

     3. Management that encourages discussion and ideas, but knows how to reign it in if it gets to crazy. Keeps a basic structure, but leaves the walls soft so they can be pushed, but at times of can be let go of so it reforms to its basic shape.

     - Evaluate, with details, a previous professional setting (or team) you were in with regards to psychological safety.

     When I was at auto-chlor was on a team of about 8 drivers, and 2-3 management figures. The professional setting was usually very casual, but overtime became increasingly toxic. Random negative call outs to team members, and in increase focus on some measurables during the height of Covid. What originally was a fun place to work became more bogged down with turnovers as the focus the team was forced towards was a power dynamic and only giving yes answers.

     - What impact do teams that operate with a high degree of psychological safety have on their company and the team members?

     Better results. Plain and simple. A happy and healthy mental state produces better results. Produces better team work, and at its basic level keeps an employee happy to work.

## Things I want to know more about!

     - I am content regarding this subject.