### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# HTML links, Javascript functions, and CSS layouts! 201-04

## HTML!

     - To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?

      Inside of a tag. Usually a <a> tag with an href inside of it.

     - The href attribute contains what information?

     What you are linking to. So a complete link to a to what you want the link to send the user to.

     - What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers?

     Use clear working with your links so acessibility software and tools can easily identify what the link is for to its user.



## CSS Layout!

     - What is meant by “normal flow”?

     When creating your HTML having a normal flow is having a clean structure. Make things easy to read. Easy to target. That way when you start touching it with CSS it makes it easier for the user to edit and make changes as they see fit.

     -What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements?

     Block level elements will fill the space of its parent space, and adjust itself to do so.

     Inline is just itself. It does not alter to fit.

     Also you cannot really edit inline elements unless you change it to act like a block like element.

     - ___ positioning is the default for every html element.

     Static positioning.

     - Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.

     You can position things outside of the normal scope of CSS. It moves essentially to its own area where it will exist outside of the rest of the design.

     - What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning?

     Absolute will stay where it is no matter what. While fixed will do the same for the context of the opened page even if you move up and down. Best example that immediately comes to mind is a nav bar in the header that would follow you as you scroll through content. So when you are ready to move on its already there.

## Javascript!

     - Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation.

     Function declaration is the fuction itself and its creation. While the invocation is where you run said function. What gives it life on the webpage. Without an invocation and function is just dead in the water. 

     - What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?

     Nothing. Parameters are sometimes refered to as arguments.



## Pair programming!

     - Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.

     I would have to say engaged collaboration, and learning from fellow students. I say this of course because working on the same project and spitballing ideas back and forth is great when it comes to collaboration as well as works on social skills for those who have communiation issues, and just the chance to learn from one of your peers. Maybe find out something you did not know or get a new perspective.

## Things I want to know more about

     I am unfortunately doing this later then the start as I got bogged down from learning so I am past this point, but I will say it is still hard and confusing as I move on.

