# Continuation of HTML, CSS and JavaScript

## Learn HTML

    - When should you use an unordered list in your HTML document?

    When the order of the list does not matter. Its just a list of data that does not need to be ordered in any meaningful way outside of basic formating like <ul>.

    - How do you change the bullet style of unordered list items?

    You start like a normal unordered list but when you want to add another tier so to speak you do not close the <li> and instead open another <ul> this one will change the following bullet styles.

    - When should you use an ordered list vs an unorder list in your HTML document?

    Like the answer above as to why you use an unordered list the same logic applies to the ordered list. Instead of something that has no reason to be ordered instead you have something that needs to itemized correctly. The order of which you present data matters.

    - Describe two ways you can change the numbers on list items provided by an ordered list?

    When you create the tag instead of <ol> you would type <ol type=""> from there you can choose what number starts the list. You can change it to roman numerals putting "i" in there. You can create an ordered list inside an ordered list as well. Using the same method you use for unordered list. Not closing a <li> tag and instead opening another <ol> before the <li> closes.

## Learn CSS

    - Describe the CSS properties of margin and padding as characters in a story. What is their role in a story titled: “The Box Model”?

    The padding is the knight that protects the distressed content box princess from touching anything around her. While the evil margin wizard can seige the padding knight from any angle and will depending on where he wants to strike.

    - List and describe the four parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the box model.

    The four parts of the box are as followed (taken from the reading).
        - The content box is the area that your content is displayed it.
        - The padding box sit around your content box like a bubble.
        - The Border boxwraps around the padding like a shield.
        - The Margin is the buffer around your protected content box that keeps things away from it.

## Learn JavaScript

    - What data types can you store inside of an Array?

    To my understanding any data type can be stored inside of an array.

    - Is the people array a valid JavaScript array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?

    Yes it is a valid array. You can have an array of multiple arrays. In this case the array is of people and you can use the descriptors of the array to access that particular array in the array.

```js
-------------------------------------------
     const people = [['pete', 32, 'librarian', null], ['Smith', 40, 'accountant', 'fishing:hiking:rock_climbing'], ['bill', null, 'artist', null]];
-------------------------------------------
```
    - List five shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.

    Basic assignment x = f(). That simply just assigns a value.

    Addition assignment x += f(). This adds both X and F to find the value of x.

    Subrtraction Assignment x -= f(). Same as addition but this subtracts x - f to value x.

    Multipication Assignment x *= f(). Multiplies to find the value of x.

    Division Assignment x /= f(). Divides to find the value of x.

    - Read the code below and evaluate the last expression and explain what the result would be and why.

    In this case false (believe this has to do with truthy and falsey) when added equates to 0. So 10 + 0 would equal 10. Then 10 + 'dog' (string) Would equate to 10dog.

```js
------------------------------------------
      let a = 10;
      let b = 'dog';
      let c = false;
      // evaluate this
      (a + c) + b;
------------------------------------------
```
    - Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JavaScript program.

    I might be reading this incorrectly but its like locking a door. If you open a door when it is unlocked it opens and you want walk through if you lock the door it stays locked and you cannot enter. I do not know if I am answering this correctly or not, as my thought process might be off.

    - Give an example of when a Loop is useful in JavaScript.

    When you create a prompt for input, and if they enter something in that does not answer the question and the question is repeated looking for correct input to procede.

## Things I want to know more about

Still not at the point of really forming questions. I am trying to keep up and put things into the right place. It is still a very day to day for me currently. I am happy to be getting things complete and done on time.

### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)