### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# Object-Oriented programming, and HTML Tables!

## Domain modeling!

    - Explain why we need domain modeling.

    Domain modeling is used to create a model of a problem in vode. It will show off its various entities, behaviors etc. Can verify and validating a users understanding of a problem.

## HTML Table Basics!

    - Why should tables not be used for page layouts?

    It should just be used for a good display model for data. It was only used for page layouts in the past due to CSS was terrible at the time and not as functional.

    - List and describe 3 different semantic HTML elements used in an HTML <table>.

    Its the three components that go into table <thead>
    <tbody> <tfoot>. Like your regular semantic tags these opperate inside of the <table> like <header> <main> and <footer> would reside and function in </body>.

## Constructors!

    - What is a constructor and what are some advantages to using it?

    constructor is something you use to create an object. Its a function that will take in input and in turn create an object to be referenced or generated on your website.

    - How does the term this differ when used in an object literal versus when used in a constructor?

    When you use this in an object literal its so that if you can use the same method definition multiple times. A when you point this. at something it will only focus on the object its in and nothing else.

    In a constructor its used in the same way, but you need to bind this to your new objects so if you create multiples of your new object they do not fight each other.

## Object Prototypes Using a Constructor

    - Explain prototypes and inheritance via an analogy from your previous work experience.

    So in the case from Salmon cookies. Essentially I created a constructor to generate stores. Which is good and all, but I needed it still use my script my math function getCust, and my render function.

    So instead of tieing these functions to all the objects I previously had made. I updated it to the this. values using a prototype. So the functions would run and do the math for the table, and show a new row on the table.

## Things I want to know!

    Still asking myself that. Salmon Cookies as a weeklong lab took its toll. It was hard, but got through it with some help.