### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# Debugging!

## What went wrong?

    - Name some key differences between a Syntax Error and a Logic Error.

    Syntax errors are going to be your typical spelling errors. Where something is capitalized or you added an extra letter etc.

    Logic is where the spelling is correct but you just put in the wrong code. So something that does not work.

    - List a few types of errors that you have encountered in past lab assignments and explain how you were able to correct them.

    Only memorable errors outside of variable not used yet, was just the slew of errors I got trying to render my table for Salmon Cookies, and then render an additional row in based on user input. Do not recall the specific errors though. A lot of trial and error.

    - How will this topic continue to influence your long term goals?

    Its just continuing to have the understanding that when you are writing code. Everything matters. Every period every word spelt correctly. It all matters, and to learn from your mistakes and build that muscle memory in and find those shortcuts that make your life easier.

## Javascript debugger!
 
    - How would you describe the JavaScript Debugger tool and how it works to someone just starting out in software development?

    It is something that watches your different variables as your code exectutes, and gives you a way through a breakpoint to help identify where problems are.

    - Define what a breakpoint is.

    places in your code that you want to pause execution and identify the problems that prevent your code from executing properly.
    (Taken from text mdn web docs)

    - What is the call stack?

    The call stack just shows you what code was ran through to get to your current point.

## Things I want to know more about!

    - Everything. Just want to understand what I am reading better.