### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# Javascrict and the DOM!

## Javascript object basics

    - How would you describe an object to a non-technical friend you grew up with?

    Basicly if you have a an empty box, but you want to design the box. Give it some guts. Give it some hand holds. Or create places for those things to go based on whoever is creating said box.

    - What are some advantages to creating object literals?

    It is just an easy way to sending data in box so to speak. Instead of extra steps. You take everything you want to say, throw it in a box and send it on its way. This is very easy when it comes to lets say user inputs. You have an array of inputs that go into your box, and at the end instead of everything they put in sending seperatly they come in a box with some ribbons.

    - How do objects differ from arrays?

    Objects and arrays are very simular in the fact they are containers for data. They function simular. They both can accept user imput, but how they are used are a little different. Objects are better for storing of data, and I would say arrays are better for using data in conjunction with other things.

    - Give an example for when you would need to use bracket notation to access an object’s property instead of dot notation.

    However there are some cases where you have to use brackets. For example, if an object property name is held in a variable, then you can't use dot notation to access the value, but you can access the value using bracket notation.
    (taken from the reading. Was having trouble putting that in my own words.)

    - Evaluate the code below. What does the term this refer to and what is the advantage to using this?

      const dog = {
    name: 'Spot',
    age: 2,
    color: 'white with black spots',
    humanAge: function (){
      console.log(`${this.name} is ${this.age*7} in human years`);
     }
    }

    This creates a object in this case a dog. It assigns the dog created a name with input, its age, its color patern, and with some mulitipcation its age in human years using a function.

    All that data is stored in the dog object.

## Intro to the DOM

    - What is the DOM?

    It is an interface for web documents. Its a representation of the website that allows you to change the frame structure and style of the website. Including the content it holds.
    
    - Briefly describe the relationship between the DOM and JavaScript.

    The DOM is like a hub that the Javascript is able to access and influence things in. Its an open window the Javascript crawls through to influence the different elements it wants to alter.

## Things I want to know!

    - Just need to master my initial grasp of Javascript. Learning but it has been very hard.