### [*Click here to return to main page*](../README.md)

# HTML forms and Javascript events!

## HTML Forms!

    - Why are forms so important in web development?

    Forms are one of the biggest points of interactions between user and a website. Commonly used to accept input, and then process and store it. To be used later or in the now.

    - When designing a form, what are some key things to keep in mind when it comes to user experience?

    If you want people to enter input to the form. Make sure it looks nice and sized correctly for the input that is needed. Its a good idea to actually draw a mock-up of what you want your form to be beforehand. Like a wireframe for HTML.

    - List 5 form elements and explain their importance.

    First the <form> itself. This is your primary container for the input you are about to request. Everything will reside inside of here.

    You then have the <label>. That creates the input field and puts a question or word next to it.

    <input> is the expected input type. Text would be general text. Num would be numbers etc.

    <textarea> gives a broader input field for longer messages if needed.

    <button> This creates the button that a user can press to do with the inputed data what you wanted. Although you need to attach an event to it before it will work.

    Also standard used of <ul> and <li> if you are having multiple areas of input.
 
## Javascript events!

    - How would you describe events to a non-technical friend?

    Events are like knocking on a door to gaina access to a home. If you know the homeowner (in this case the code) will know you are there and to open the door to let you in.

    - When using the addEventListener() method, what 2 arguments will you need to provide?

    You need to tie it an event for this listener to handle, and then what we want it to do if it runs.

    - Describe the event object. Why is the target within the event object useful?

    It is something passed to the event handlers that provides more features and information.

    The target property of the event object is always a reference to the element the event occurred upon. So, in this example, we are setting a random background color on the button, not the page.
    (taken from text).

    Also has gives you more properties you can potentially used in different situations for other outcomes.

    - What is the difference between event bubbling and event capturing?
    
    bubbling fires an event on the more core element targeted then move to less targeted. Event capturing will start with the least targeted and move towards the most.

## Things I want to know more about

    Everything. Its all so much to take on in such a short amount of time.
